add a button that says "GATEKEEP NOW!!!!" while above the button it says "Hello, Zach/ @randomix9 on TikTok, speaking. If you got this from me directly or from my TikTok, promise me that you will gatekeep this at all times, don't even give it to your friends unless they find my website by themselves, and also... DONT. GET. CAUGHT. I swear if y'all have a blocker that has a classroom thing when your teacher turns it on they can see your screen do not ever, ever use this website during that time. But WE ARE SOOOOOO BACK!!!!! Anyways.... enjoy...." make sure the font is very fancy as well while it has the colors of blue through purple at the same time mixed together and the background black. And when you click the button it leads you to an about:blank window of chrome, not a tab, but a window, and cloak it as Classwork leading to the website. add a section called "Proxies" that has Interstellar https://ad-free-proxy--securlyeduclass.replit.app/, Lunaar https://vps-d38e82a1.vps.ovh.us/, Platinum https://the.chicanoveterans.org/@. Add another section Called "Gatekeep LMAO OS" and make it bring you to a password section where it says you have to enter a password. Make the password be, "WeAreGATEKEEPING777good7luck999" and when you enter it correctly it should say "ACCESS GRANTED HAHAHAHHAHAH" In golden fancy glitch text with the most fanciest font with gold and black and then it leads to "https://unzip-helper--gatekeeplmao.replit.app/?scrlcbp=. " and when you click the button that shows if it opens in a Different window make sure it opens inside the Horizon window. And if you get the password wrong it says "ACCESS DENIED, stop trying" and you have 15 attempts and if those attempts are gone you have to wait 56 hours to try again. Add a section called "Announcements" where it says "GANG WE ARE SO BACK! HORIZON BETTER THAN BEFORE!!!!!! Well it will be. Also uh Gatekeep this shit. Thats all I gotta say for now.".  Then add a section called "Media/ Tools" that has Humanizer AI https://humanize-text-bypass--nkchknc.replit.app/.